Update Jack-Duan.md (#839)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Jack-Duan/Jack-Duan.md

qualifications: ""

quote: "I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse."
quoteAuthor: "Florence Nightingale"
---

> Jack is a Software Engineer who is passionate about emerging technologies. While working for SSW, he has been providing solutions to a few big names including G4S and Rapiscan. He has worked on high performance web application, C# and Node.JS backend and serverless architecture using Azure functions. After graduating from Uni, he also created a mobile app using Flutter, Firebase, and Google cloud functions. With his expertise in SQL database, OAuth 2.0 and Azure, Jack is able to build applications that require both performance and security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jack is a Software Engineer who is passionate about emerging technologies. While working for SSW, he has been providing solutions to a few big names including G4S and Rapiscan. He has worked on high performance web applications, C# and Node.js backends and serverless architecture using Azure functions. After graduating from uni, he also created a mobile app using Flutter, Firebase, and Google cloud functions. With his expertise in SQL database, OAuth 2.0 and Azure, Jack is able to build applications that require both performance and security.
```
